c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\palout8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\le\palout8.exe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\be\palout8.exe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\le\palout8.pdb
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\be\palout8.pdb
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\palout8.exe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\palout8.pdb
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\le\palout8.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\le\palout8.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\be\palout8.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\be\palout8.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\GoBus.dll
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\bin\Debug\GoBus.pdb
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\be\palout8.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\be\palout8.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\le\palout8.pe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\le\palout8.pdbx
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\palout8.exe
c:\users\hanso\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\palout8\palout8\obj\Debug\palout8.pdb
